we've all been there
you're settled into your groove you got
your doritos and
mountain dew akimbo
you're finally ready to break out of
silver and overwatch comp and then you
jump on comms and you're greeted by
keyboard clattering
staticky garbage from that one teammate
with a questionable username
and if that's you
don't fret because now is your time to
ascend to the crisp clean land
of good audio
and
for just about 50 bucks
by the way if you value good audio as
much as you value privacy you should
check out pia private internet access is
the vpn that encrypts all of your
internet traffic and uses a safe
protected ip it's got a ton of other
useful features as well check it out now
at the link below
[Music]
okay so we were playing it up a little
bit most people don't have potato
headsets these days but that's not to
say that there aren't tons of options
that straight up
slap around even a decent all-in-one
gaming headset
even if it does boast high quality
communication and built-in premium noise
canceling features
because as appealing as all of that
sounds in writing in the real world
appealing is probably the last word you
would use to describe the sounds coming
from something like this one
but
before we get into the microphones it's
important to note that unless it's a
potato audio is
highly subjective so while i might
choose one microphone over another one
my voice isn't yours my ears aren't
yours and it's ultimately up to you to
decide what sounds best so i would
highly recommend taking advantage of
return policies where necessary to try
out a couple of different mics to find
the best fit our first microphone is the
samson meteorite coming in at 40 bucks a
purchase that i actually hesitated on
since it completely lacks
any
mounting options which means it'll
likely sit right beside your keyboard
other best cheap mic roundups featured
it though so we decided to give it a go
and my suspicions were immediately
confirmed it is literally just a ball
with a usb cable
so unless you plan on getting creative
with your hot glue gun it'll pick up
every keyboard clack
desk bump and a ton of other background
noise but wait it gets worse because of
how far the mic sits from your face
you'll have to pretty much crank the mic
gain amplifying the issue
so i'm not sure
why other people are recommending this
thing
we don't let's move on to something a
little more enticing
this is the fifeine k669 usb microphone
aside from its excellent name it sports
a nice brushed pink exterior with
physical gain control on the front
unlike our previous mistake and it comes
with a stand to keep the mic in a prime
position to capture noises from your
mouth hole rather than from your
keyboard platform but the most amazing
thing about this thing is the price it's
the least expensive microphone we tested
coming in at just 28
less than you might spend on loot boxes
in a month if you're one of those people
overall sound
really good but it's a bit lacking in
the noise isolation department so you
might want to invest some of the money
you saved on a different mount to keep
it further away from your keyboard
next up we've got a mic from blue yes
that blue the one of yeti fame but this
one is significantly less expensive the
snowball ice comes in at 50 bucks or as
low as about 40 dollars on sale and it
includes a little plastic tripod with
standard threading so that you can use
the snowball with a third-party stand
its odd shape though can make it tricky
to shock mount without buying their
expensive first party solution
as for quality though the snowball is
very clear with solid noise isolation
thanks to its almost entirely foam
padded internals
however if you have a soft voice you
might have some trouble with it as the
padding also seems to absorb some of the
incoming vocals
it does work to the advantage of us
squeakers though so uh
i'm pretty much liking this one
pretty well
it's pretty too
but linus what about xlr
i'm glad you asked so we tried a few
different xlr setups based around
behringer's you euphoria um2 xlr
interface at just 30 bucks it might not
be glamorous but it's an awesome gateway
drug into the xl audio game on the cheap
and
we're able to do it without using one of
these
please don't use these
now
sadly since it's basically impossible to
stay under 50 without buying some stuff
used or already having a little bit on
hand this is a more premium option
but
if you already have an xlr cable and a
microphone stand you can pick up the xm
8500 also from behringer for just 20
bucks which would have you sitting right
at 50
this setup is basically a usb mic killer
in any environment thanks to the
excellent background noise suppression
that dynamic microphones have
not to mention that you can easily
upgrade this setup in the future with a
mic like the sure pga 48 or sm48 for 34
dollars and 43 dollars respectively
so then
what should you buy
well if you're looking for the best bang
for your buck it's hard to beat the fi
fine k669s sleek design and excellent
sound quality at just 28
but if you're rocking cherry mx blues in
your keyboard or if you're a buckling
spring aficionado i'd go with the blue
snowball or the behringer xlr setup as
they both give you exceptional noise
isolation
just don't buy the meteorite that thing
is terrible
i'd pick it up and you know what i'm
gonna pick it up
taking it out of the crater could get it
because it's a meteorite
speaking of meteorites ting does
phone plans not meteor anything you pay
just six dollars per phone line plus the
minutes messages and data that you
actually use every month with usage
shared across all of your devices so the
more phones on one ting account the less
you can end up paying per phone with an
average bill of just 23 dollars a month
per phone ting is the smarter choice for
mobile and they offer service on two
nationwide lte networks so the phone you
already own will likely work with ting
there are no contracts and no overage
fees so you can try ting for a month
with no commitments whatsoever so check
out
linus.ting.com to get 25 bucks off your
bill or towards a new phone
so thanks for watching guys if this
video sucked you know what to do but if
it was awesome get subscribed hit that
like button or check out the link to
where to buy the stuff that we featured
in the video description also link down
there is our merch store which has cool
shirts it has cool shirts not like this
one but cool shirts and our community
forum which you should totally join i
have been wanting to eat these
so bad
so gold okay bye